Add data tests to Snowflake virtual warehouse configuration docs (#8510)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-configs.md

## Configuring virtual warehouses

The default warehouse that dbt uses can be configured in your [Profile](/docs/core/connect-data-platform/profiles.yml) for Snowflake connections. To override the warehouse that is used for specific models (or groups of models), use the `snowflake_warehouse` model configuration. This configuration can be used to specify a larger warehouse for certain models in order to control Snowflake costs and project build times.

> The `snowflake_warehouse` configuration is also supported for [tests](/docs/build/data-tests). This can be useful when you want to run your tests on a different warehouse than your models, for example, to use a smaller warehouse for lightweight data tests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](/docs/build/data-tests) also supports the `snowflake_warehouse` configuration. This can be useful when you want to you run tests on a different Snowflake virtual warehouse than the one used to build models, for example, using a smaller warehouse for lightweight data tests while models run on a larger warehouse.
```
